How to add a node, or not..

Research!.. Adding a node requires to look for things in it,
Coingecko is always a good start, but seems like 'money beats utility' and we have +6600 Tokens
and no mention of

ID
Go to coingecko, search the token and copy the end of the url. (usually after (..)coins/)
if not in coingecko, decide on where is gonna be used.. (lowercase name should be alright)

TYPE (SELECTOR)
this is difficult.. really..
what i think is we select veeery light, and shortly we add a new attribute for a second level, like:
    MARKETS
        PREDICTION MARKETS
        DIGITAL ITEMS
        TOKENS
        ..
    DEFI
        LENDING
        FARM
        ..
    SERVICES
        PRIVACY
        INSURANCE
        ..
..that's work for other night!
coingecko description could help, also study it!

NAME:
Name to show, usually first capital but then..

URL:
This is important, but easy. Be aware of scams.. oh! and add https://   !!!

CONTRACT:
address of contract, directly copied from coingecko or etherscan
if other network than ethereum mainnet, no problem (we solve that in links)
if network can have a contract on mainnet so.. it counts

GRAPH ENDPOINT
https://thegraph.com/explorer/
and going down there's an input for deep search.
as endpoints start to rise, my idea would be to create an array like:
['name_of_subgraph':'xxx', url:'yyy', schemas:[], ... ]
so users could decide which 'db' to retrieve-see, and increase incentive to create subgraphs

THE REST..
I've conceived the idea of

Second part,
LINKS
you will add:
A node to all kinds of (connect with whatever)
if network only this
if bridge (whom to whom and its contracts)
else, choose network

print with the button and in web console
remember to separate objects with a comma,
copy also links (if needed), location is important (multiple network dapps will retrieve first in array)

you'll copy your results directly in DB. Still work to do with strings not printing ok..
we need to kill the "" to let the attribute as is.. HELP PLEASE! :D
is much better to retrieve many nodes before playing with typekeys here,



----LOGOS
Logos are .png files, often from:
https://cryptologos.cc/
also this is useful: https://svgtopng.com/
where the name is set to match the id of the node. (mostly lowercase the name)
in public folder there's a little python script to reduce quality the files (and adjust the name (later to adjust?)) it requires Pillow
some projects require web surfing to get it.. default gets kind of boring (maybe later adjust to 'groups')

Once image is downloaded and modified, we need to enter the name in the DB, otherwise the require fails.
